Writing Code for Different Types of Work Items by Using the Client Object Model for Team Foundation
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb130308(v=vs.120).aspx

Connect to Team Foundation Server from a Console Application
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb286958(v=vs.120).aspx

Overview of extensions for Visual Studio Team Services
https://www.visualstudio.com/pt-br/docs/integrate/extensions/overview

Extend the work item form
https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/docs/integrate/extensions/develop/add-workitem-extension

Get started with the REST APIs
https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/docs/integrate/get-started/rest/basics

Work item tracking
https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/docs/integrate/api/wit/overview


.NET client libraries for Visual Studio Team Services (and TFS)
https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/docs/integrate/get-started/client-libraries/dotnet



# QUERIES

Example queries
https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/docs/work/track/example-queries

Query by assignment, workflow or Kanban board changes
https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/docs/work/track/query-by-workflow-changes#me

Query for work items
https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/docs/work/track/using-queries

Query for Bugs, Tasks, and Other Work Items
https://msdn.microsoft.com/pt-br/library/bb130306(v=vs.120).aspx

Syntax for the Work Item Query Language
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb130155(v=vs.90).aspx

Work Item Query Language (Work Item Query Reference)
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb130198(v=vs.90).aspx

Find WorkItems that were assigned to X in the last 30 days
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5179044/find-workitems-that-were-assigned-to-x-in-the-last-30-days

Get AccountName of the Assigned To user from TFS using WIQL
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11787188/get-accountname-of-the-assigned-to-user-from-tfs-using-wiql

Using WIQL, how do you query VSTS Work Items on System.Tags
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/29629430/using-wiql-how-do-you-query-vsts-work-items-on-system-tags

WIQL – The Wonder Query Language
http://www.bitwisemnm.com/2013/05/wiql-the-wonder-query-language

TFS API documentation is now on the MSDN web site
https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/buckh/2006/09/08/tfs-api-documentation-is-now-on-the-msdn-web-site/

TFS 2010 API Documentation
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13496855/tfs-2010-api-documentation

Team Foundation Server (TFS) API Wrapper
http://tfsapiwrapper.codeplex.com/

Extending Work Item Tracking by Using the Client Object Model for Team Foundation
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb130347(v=vs.120).aspx

Query for Bugs, Tasks, and Other Work Items
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb130306(v=vs.120).aspx#methods



# MATERIAL DESIGN

Material Design in XAML
http://materialdesigninxaml.net/

